Rajkumar Kushwaha
Hw11
--entities (tables)

1. Name one recursive relationship set.

The "prereq" relationship set is a recursive relationship where a course can be a prerequisite for another course. This relationship is between
the "course" entity set and itself.

2. What does the double line that joins the entity set instructor with the relationship set inst_dep indicate?

The double line indicates a total participation constraint, meaning all instructor are totally in some way have a relationship with department
through the "inst_dep" relationship set. It can also be defined as, every instance of the entity set "instructor" must be associated with at
least one instance of the "department" entity set through the "inst_dep" relationship set.

3. What are the attributes of the relationship set teaches between the entity sets instructor and section?

The attributes of the "teaches" relationship set between the "instructor" and "section" entity sets include:
Semester
Year
eg: spring2024=Dr.smit teaches sec335
    Fall2024  =Dr.smit teaches sec335 again
in both the secenarios, only semester and year is the differentiator for instructor
whereas sec is same and doesnot give a clear concept of distinct instructor.	

4. Give a primary key for the relationship set advisor. Explain the reason behind your choice.

A primary key for the "advisor" relationship set could be the combination of "student_id" and "instructor_id". This choice the best choice because 
the primary key uniquely identifies the advisory relationship between a student and an instructor, ensuring that each student can have a unique
advisor.

5. What is the mapping cardinality of the relationship set course_dep between the entity sets course and department? Explain the meaning of that mapping cardinality.

The mapping cardinality of the "course_dep" relationship set between the "course" and "department" entity sets is many-to-one (N:1). This means
that each course is offered by only one department, but each department can offer multiple courses.